An effort to remaster, rebalance and (re)expand the mod Ogniem i Miecziem, for Rome Total War.
This version is compatible with Rome Remastered and contains plenty of new factions and new units, as well as improved graphics. Custom battles are playable.
For now, it has been abandoned. I encourage anyone willing to continue it to do so. I'd also appreciate if you'd let me know. Maybe I could help you too.

Design Philosophy:
1) 1562 to 1721 timeline, divided into four Eras: Early Modern (1562-1601), Pike and Shot (1601-1659), Reformed Warfare (1660-1701), Enlightened Warfare (1701-1721)
2) A combat system inspired by Byzantine Game's "Pike and Shot: Campaigns". All units' stats are built through a xls file which I included in the repository.
3) Give justice to every faction, no matter how small. Dispel stereotypes and historic propaganda.
4) Provide alternative-history path to nations, inspired directly by "Divide and Conquer" (Medieval II) and "The New Order" (Hearts of Iron IV).


The mod includes units and assets from KLA's "European Wars". Remember to credit him.
Here's the Google Drive link that includes the whole modfolder, graphics assets too.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1d27GjDuRIbshoV4nYtwfbGoWaXLSwD65/view?usp=sharing

Other:
1) Cavalry which historically used pistols in melee is classified as "Pistol Horse" (in-game, they are camels) which gets a bonus against all non-pistol cavalry
2) Cavalry is divided in 3 classes: 1) Light, which is high speed skirmishers. 2) Medium, which represents the standard cavalry regiment, capable of melee as well as of skirmish. 3) Heavy, which represents cavalry which was especially trained to smash the enemy in melee. Equipment has no bearing in classification.
3) Infantry follows the same design of cavalry, but includes Pikemen as their own class, and Dragoons, which are supposed to be very fast medium foot (to represent their horses)
4) Poland-Lithuania was to be formed through scripts. The player, if playing as any of the constituent nations, could oppose the Union and continue as independent.
5) The Viceroy of Sicily was especially involved in naval campaigns against the north african pirates, and thus was merged with the Knights of Malta and made a separate faction from Spain to have an anti-piracy dedicated campaign.
6) The Austrian Hapsburgs and the Hohenzollerns retain all their titles in a single faction, instead of multiples. This is especially true for the latters, as the Duchy of Prussia was part of the Kingdom of Poland until 1618 (de-facto, 1660 de-jure)
7) Many German states are represented, as well as two generic factions: The Catholic Princes and The Protestant Princes, representing the smaller city-states which took part in hostilities during the mod's timeframe.
8) The game includes emerging factions such as the English Commonwealth, the French Fronde, the Jacobites and the Principality of Catalonia
